README.md, before:

# TC1001S-202111
Test game code modified from [this repository](https://github.com/gilecheverria/TC1001S-202111) during the second "Semana Tec" of the Feb-Jun 2021 semester.
The purpose of this code is to show our understanding of the core concepts of VCS (Version Control Systems) and python programming.

Author: Rafael Rios :A01028722, Aquiles Ensiminger :A01781243, Santiago Rodarte:A01025565

Original games code from: http://www.grantjenks.com/docs/freegames/index.html 

Games included (both games were slightly modified to add some features described in the files):
- Paint
- Cannon

## Installing the Freegames module

1. Make sure Python 3 is installed in your computer, and that you can call it from a terminal
2. Download the pip installer from: https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py
3. Run the installer:
```
python3 get-pip.py
```
4. Install the module:
```
pip install freegames
```

## Installing on MobaXterm (Windows)

To install the required software, run the following commands:

1. apt-get install python3
2. apt-get install python3-tkinter
3. apt-get install python3-pip
4. pip3 install freegames

Commit message:

modified readme file to show the changed done to each game

README.md, after:

# TC1001S-202111
Test game code modified from [this repository](https://github.com/gilecheverria/TC1001S-202111) during the second "Semana Tec" of the Feb-Jun 2021 semester.
The purpose of this code is to show our understanding of the core concepts of VCS (Version Control Systems) and python programming.

Author: Rafael Rios :A01028722, Aquiles Ensiminger :A01781243, Santiago Rodarte:A01025565

Original games code from: http://www.grantjenks.com/docs/freegames/index.html 

Games included (both games were slightly modified to add some features described in the files):
- Paint :(added a new color, added functions to generate a circle, triangle, and rectangle)
- Cannon :(Changed the color of the ball and targets, applied a random gravity vector to each target, modified the speed of the ball, added a score and score counter, changed the force of gravity applied to the ball)

## Installing the Freegames module

1. Make sure Python 3 is installed in your computer, and that you can call it from a terminal
2. Download the pip installer from: https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py
3. Run the installer:
```
python3 get-pip.py
```
4. Install the module:
```
pip install freegames
```

## Installing on MobaXterm (Windows)

To install the required software, run the following commands:

1. apt-get install python3
2. apt-get install python3-tkinter
3. apt-get install python3-pip
4. pip3 install freegames
